Ruby-TileCache
    by Pascal Ehlert, ODAdata
    http://ruby-tilecache.rubyforge.org

== DESCRIPTION

ruby-tilecache is an implementation of TileCache from MetaCarta, written in pure Ruby.
It allows you to cache image tiles either rendered by MapScript or taken from another source.
Additionally, it supports meta-tiling which nearly eliminates label duplication issues
because of the tiling. 

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS

* See description.

== SYNOPSIS

  require 'tile_cache'

  class MapController < ApplicationController

  	# This action handles WMS GetMap requests
  	def wms
   	  wms = TileCache::Services::WMS.new(params)
      map = wms.get_map

      render :text => map.data, :content_type => map.layer.format
    end
  end

== REQUIREMENTS

* RMagick for meta-tiling support
* Ruby-MapScript for Mapserver layers

== INSTALL

* sudo gem install ruby-mapscript

== CONFIGURATION

If you are in a Rails environment, ruby-tilecache looks for a configuration file in config/tilecache.yml,
otherwise it searches ~/.tilecache.yml and /etc/tilecache.yml.

As the name suggests, the file format should be YAML, here is an example configuration:
  
  cache:
    type: DiskCache
    root: '../tmp/mapcache'

  basic:
    type: MapServer
    mapfile: app/map/nic.map
    layers: NIC2,NIC1
    maxresolution: 0.01991484375
    levels: 5
    extension: jpeg
    metatile: true
    metabuffer: 0, 0
    bbox: -87.6903, 10.7075, -82.5921, 15.0259

In a Rails environment relative paths always refer to RAILS_ROOT, in other environments you should use absolute paths.

== LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2008 Pascal Ehlert, ODAdata

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
